Actions: Fix dominates() false positive in reusable workflows (#21986)
github/codeql: actions/ql/lib/change-notes/2026-06-15-permission_check.md

---
category: fix
---

> * GitHub Actions support for reusable workflows was improved.

Reviewer: nit: maybe we could make this a little tighter? This sounds like a general reusable-workflow support improvement, while the change is more specifically about recognizing control checks around jobs that call reusable workflows.

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
* GitHub Actions queries now better account for permission checks on jobs that call reusable workflows.
```
